Rewrite Marketing overview page (#3779)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/marketing/index.md

---
title: Overview
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

> Our approach is to provide internal Marketing-as-a-Service, aka MaaS. We are an engineering-led company, and believe in product-led, word of mouth growth. The best way marketing can contribute to PostHog's success is to act as a service to our product teams that amplifies the work they are doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our approach is to provide internal Marketing-as-a-Service, aka MaaS. We are an engineering-led company, and believe in product-led, word of mouth growth. The best way marketing can contribute to PostHog's success is to act as a service to our product teams and amplify the work they are doing.
```

## Marketing vision 

> PostHog's [2026 vision](https://posthog.com/handbook/strategy/strategy#long-term-vision-for-2026) is to IPO in 2026 with $100m ARR. This is what we think marketing at PostHog will look like at that point. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog's [vision](https://posthog.com/handbook/strategy/strategy#long-term-vision-for-2026) is to IPO in 2026 with $100m ARR. This is what we think marketing at PostHog will look like at that point. 
```

### Things we want to be brilliant at

- **Behaviours**

>   - _Acting as a service to the engineering teams_ - actively engaged with engineering teams, finding out what they’re working on then partner with them to amplify what they are doing. Engineers don’t like talking to marketing people in most companies. We want our engineers to want to talk to marketing because we provide them with such a great service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _Acting as a service to the engineering teams_ - we actively engage with engineering teams, find out what they’re working on and partner with them to amplify what they are doing. Engineers don’t like talking to marketing people in most companies. We want our engineers to want to talk to marketing because we provide them with such a great service. 
```

>   - _Word of mouth mindset_ - by IPO, we want to have built a hugely successful company on the basis of this specific type of growth (vs. technical paid ads, or brand/BR for example). 

Reviewer: We're including reviews and community growth under this, right? G2 reviews, for example.

>   - _Speed_ - we want to be hyper-reactive, low process, and as reliant on other teams as little as possible to ship things. We want to get stuff wrong quickly then iterate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _Speed_ - we want to be hyper-reactive, low process, and reliant on other teams as little as possible to ship things. We want to get stuff wrong quickly, then iterate. 
```

- **Tactics**

>   - _Content for our ideal customer_ - we delivery genuinely useful insights about things those customers care about (can be purely product-related, but also general advice). We're pitching our content at ‘self-servers’. Ahrefs, HubSpot are examples of companies who do this brilliantly for their audience. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _Content for our ideal customer_ - we deliver genuinely useful insights about things those customers care about (can be purely product-related, but also general advice). We're pitching our content at ‘self-servers’. Ahrefs and HubSpot are examples of companies who do this brilliantly for their audience. 
```
